C4_Building-Real-Things_JavaScript/temp.md, before:

# TEMP

## Pricing Calculator

1. HTML

   - Create a section with a heading an a form
   - The form should have a price label + input, and qunaityt
   - Create the display for the form data outside the form

2. JS
   - Grab all of the HTML elements we will need
     - price input
     - quantity input
     - data display paragraph
   - Create the functions we will need
   - Add our event listeners
     - console log the values first
   - Run our function on application start to popluate the HTML
   - Update the Quanity Label

---

---

## Crazy Buttons

1. HTML

   - Create a section with a button, give it a class and atype of button
   -

2. JS
   - Grab all what we need
   - Define Functions
   - Create Event Listeners

---

---

## Stopwatch

1. HTML

   - Create a section with a timer, and two timer buttons
   -

2. JS
   - Grab all what we need
   - Define Functions
   - Create Event Listeners
   - Define timer time variable
   - Application start interval
   - Calclute number of minutes and seconds to display
   - Seperate the interval into it's own function
   - Add logic to main functions

---

---

## Accordion

1.

---

---

## Scrolling Progress

1.

---

---

Commit message:

ADD: Class 4 Accordion & Progress Bar

C4_Building-Real-Things_JavaScript/temp.md, after:

# TEMP

## Pricing Calculator

1. HTML

   - Create a section with a heading an a form
   - The form should have a price label + input, and qunaityt
   - Create the display for the form data outside the form

2. JS
   - Grab all of the HTML elements we will need
     - price input
     - quantity input
     - data display paragraph
   - Create the functions we will need
   - Add our event listeners
     - console log the values first
   - Run our function on application start to popluate the HTML
   - Update the Quanity Label

---

---

## Crazy Buttons

1. HTML

   - Create a section with a button, give it a class and atype of button
   -

2. JS
   - Grab all what we need
   - Define Functions
   - Create Event Listeners

---

---

## Stopwatch

1. HTML

   - Create a section with a timer, and two timer buttons
   -

2. JS
   - Grab all what we need
   - Define Functions
   - Create Event Listeners
   - Define timer time variable
   - Application start interval
   - Calclute number of minutes and seconds to display
   - Seperate the interval into it's own function
   - Add logic to main functions

---

---

## Accordion

1. HTML

   - Create a section with a accordion article with detials and summary tags
   -

2. CSS

---

---

## Scrolling Progress

1. HTML

   - Create a section with a scroll line div, a content container that stretches below the screen using lorem ipusum

2. JS
   - A

---

---
