C3_TSK_JavaScript/Class/NOTES.md, before:

# TSK

[TSK Link to Course Content](tsk)

## Preparation

### GOALS

By the end of this lesson, you will be able to:

1. **TSK**
2. **TSK**
3. **TSK**

![TSK finished project](../Resources/TSK)

---

### CONCEPTS

- **TSK:** _TSK_ is tsk

- **TSK:** _TSK_ is tsk

---

---

## Walkthrough

### STEP 1: TSK

**Aim**: TSK

| _TSK_ |

- [ ] TSK

```jsx

```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx

```

🔻

| _TSK_ |

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

**Check**: TSK

- TSK

---

### STEP 2: TSK

**Aim**: TSK

| _TSK_ |

- [ ] TSK

```jsx

```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx

```

🔻

| _TSK_ |

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

**Check**: TSK

- TSK

---

### STEP 3: TSK

**Aim**: TSK

| _TSK_ |

- [ ] TSK

```jsx

```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx

```

🔻

| _TSK_ |

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

**Check**: TSK

- TSK

---

---

## Review

### ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Congratulations yet again! 🎊🎉

Feel proud that **you learned something new and valuable today**.

Learning to code is a journey, and you are taking the necessary steps to improve your skills and opportunities for the future.

_Good on you!_

Specifically, we learned how to:

- TSK
- TSK
- TSK

---

### RESOURCES

[TSK _(Tool)_](tsk)

[TSK _(Video)_](tsk)

[TSK _(Article)_](tsk)

---

---

Commit message:

ADD: All Class Outlines & Intros

C3_TSK_JavaScript/Class/NOTES.md, after:

# JavaScript Foundations - Part 2

[Class 3 Course Content](https://www.better.dev/javascript-functions)

## Preparation

### GOALS

By the end of this lesson, you will be able to:

1. **Create JS Functions**
2. **Create JS Objects**
3. **Grasp Common JS Built-in Objects & Methods**

![TSK finished project](../Resources/TSK)

---

### CONCEPTS

- **Function:** A _function_ is tsk

- **Object:** An _object_ is tsk

---

---

## Walkthrough

### STEP 1: TSK

**Aim**: TSK

| _TSK_ |

- [ ] TSK

```jsx

```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx

```

🔻

| _TSK_ |

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

**Check**: TSK

- TSK

---

### STEP 2: TSK

**Aim**: TSK

| _TSK_ |

- [ ] TSK

```jsx

```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx

```

🔻

| _TSK_ |

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

**Check**: TSK

- TSK

---

### STEP 3: TSK

**Aim**: TSK

| _TSK_ |

- [ ] TSK

```jsx

```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx

```

🔻

| _TSK_ |

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

- [ ] TSK

```jsx
// TSK
```

🔻

**Check**: TSK

- TSK

---

---

## Review

### ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Congratulations yet again! 🎊🎉

Feel proud that **you learned something new and valuable today**.

Learning to code is a journey, and you are taking the necessary steps to improve your skills and opportunities for the future.

_Good on you!_

Specifically, we learned how to:

- TSK
- TSK
- TSK

---

### RESOURCES

[TSK _(Tool)_](tsk)

[TSK _(Video)_](tsk)

[TSK _(Article)_](tsk)

---

---
